docs: add new skill for migrating to v7 (#16216)
vercel/ai: skills/migrate-ai-sdk-v6-to-v7/SKILL.md

---
name: migrate-ai-sdk-v6-to-v7
description: Migrate applications from AI SDK 6.x to AI SDK 7.0. Use when upgrading Vercel AI SDK packages, fixing v7 migration errors, or when the user mentions AI SDK v6, v7, upgrade, migration, breaking changes, system to instructions, fullStream, telemetry, tool context, or finalStep.
---

## AI SDK 6 to 7 Migration

Use `content/docs/08-migration-guides/23-migration-guide-7-0.mdx` from the AI SDK repo as the source of truth. This skill is the working checklist; read the guide for exact examples or when behavior is unclear.

## Migration Workflow

1. Ensure the user has a clean backup or committed baseline before editing.
2. Inspect `package.json` and lockfiles to identify installed `ai`, `@ai-sdk/*`, provider, UI, MCP, and telemetry packages.

> 3. Upgrade AI SDK packages to matching v7 versions, and add `@ai-sdk/otel` only if the project uses OpenTelemetry spans.

Reviewer: Until we ship v8, this could just say 
```suggestion
3. Upgrade AI SDK packages to latest versions, and add `@ai-sdk/otel` only if the project uses OpenTelemetry spans.
```
